I've spent over 150 hours now in Cyclude
Code, not just building with it, but
studying every single major resource on
it. I've broken down the creator Boris
Churnney's post, tested real workflows
from top builders, and watched every
single masterclaw tutorial that I could
find. And here's what most people miss.
Even if you think you're using Claw Code
well today, you're probably stuck at
level two or level three. This video
shows you what's beyond that. I'll walk
you through all seven levels of claw
code from beginner workflows to fully
autonomous systems so you can skip the
trial and error and start using it to
its full potential today. And by the
way, if you're looking for a full Claude
Code course that takes you from zero to
expert, then check out the link in the
description below. Now, let's dive into
level one. Let's quickly make sure it's
set up in our environment. So, we're
going to come into a fresh instance of
VS Code, open a folder, and open a new
terminal. I'm just going to open the the
readme here and we're going to run this
native installer that doesn't require
Node.js. We're going to run that inside
our terminal and that's going to make
sure that Claude code is installed for
us. And we're going to start running it
just by running Claude with the basic
permissions. And once Claude opens, it's
going to look a little bit like this.
Now, level one is actually prompting but
with intent. So most people just type
and hope at the start. But the
difference between somebody who's a
beginner with Claude code and someone
who's going to get real results is one
single habit and that is planning before
building. So plan mode, which you can
turn on by hitting shift and tab and
cycle between the modes. You can see
down here we've got accept edits, which
is the default [music] mode, and plan
mode is a readonly mode. It's designed
to research your codebase and propose a
plan before you touch anything. So
whether you've got an existing codebase,
it will go through and read those files
or if we're starting from scratch and
we're giving it some context brief, it's
really critical that we start with
planning mode. And Boris Churnney, the
creator of Claude Code, has strong
opinions about using planning code. If
my goal is to write a pull request, I
will use plan mode. And I'll go back and
forth with Claude until I like its plan.
So, he does not take any execution
actions until a plan is made. From
there, I switch into auto accept edits
mode. And Claude can usually oneshot it.
So, it saves us going back and forth.
And actually, we only need to oneshot
prompt for the execution once we've got
a clear plan. And the reason this mode
is so powerful is because it leverages
an in-built ask user questions tool
inside Claude code. Claude will
literally come back to us with a series
of questions to understand the
underlying detail and the assumptions
that we're making in our plan.
Therefore, building out a really
comprehensive set of context that it can
use in the execution phase. So, we're
going to look at an example today of a
content creation system and how we can
use Claude Code to actually build us out
a system that creates all of our content
for us. So, if I put in something vague
during plan mode like help me build out
a social media content creation system,
we know that that's not going to execute
very well or it will veer off course and
not meet our assumptions because we're
not actually specifying that. So, by
doing this in plan mode, we can force
Claude to give come back with the ask
user questions tool, ask us a bunch of
questions and build out a plan MD file
which then when it executes on, it will
understand in detail exactly what we
want to do. And then we can see down
here which social media platforms do you
want to create content for? We click
that, it will come up with the next set
of questions in the calendar. Then about
the automation, the brand voice and then
we submit and it will create a plan for
us and ask us any additional questions
or ask us for any additional assumptions
before we start executing a thing. So
level one users make sure that they're
planning before they execute. So now
that you've got a plan, you need to make
sure that Claude code isn't going to put
out generic slop within that plan and
it's going to work in a way that
actually saves you time and not cost you
more time in the end. And that brings us
to the claude.mmd file and the
importance of having one for your
[music] team. So Claude, like a
coworker, needs to actually understand
your rules and the way you want to work
with it. We use claude.md to show that.
It's a file that tells Claude how you
work. And you can think of it like
literally onboarding a new team member.
You write down your text stack, your
preferences, the mistakes you don't want
repeated, and Claude reads the file
every time you start a session. And this
is how Boris himself uses it. So their
team shares a single claude.mmd file.
They keep it version controlled on Git
and the whole team contributes lines to
that file or edits lines to that file.
Don't necessarily add more lines to that
file every single week and they'll even
go to the point where they'll tag it on
GitHub and it will make the changes
automatically to tell it what mistakes
it shouldn't make again. And there's
lots of opinions on how you should write
your Claude.md file and what should be
included. But the golden rule here is
keep it short, keep it specific, and
only include what Claude can't figure
out for itself. So, we've got a very
simple framework that you can follow to
set up your claude. ND file for any
project, and we're going to talk about
how we do that for building a social
media content machine that sounds
exactly like your brand voice. Now,
question one, what is this? Should just
be a single line to tell Claude exactly
what it's doing. It's not your brand
manifesto for this social media content
machine. This project generates daily
social media content across various
different platforms in a brand voice,
pulling topics from a content calendar
in Air Table. That's it. Claude is then
able to understand exactly what its
purpose is before we tell it how you're
going to run things which brings us on
to the second bit and these should be
the exact steps. So the content calendar
lives in notion that should actually be
air table. We're going to pull topics
from the ready to write view. It's going
to put generated posts into a new folder
inside this explorer and we're going to
store any image assets in a separate
folder. Now once it knows how, i.e. the
instructions it's going to follow. We're
going to add things about brand voice,
your rules, your non-negotiables. So,
what patterns do I follow? And you can
use emphasis on words like important
where you need to make sure that
actually it's really important that
Claude follows those instructions. And
we've got some example brand voice stuff
in here like write like you're talking
to one person over coffee, not
presenting to a boardroom. But actually,
the better thing to do here is not to
write this directly in here. It's to
separate a brand voice document and then
reference it later on. And this brings
us to the point don't dump trick which
is actually keep claude.md super lean.
Tell claude where to find the details.
So if you're saying follow these brand
voice guidelines, you would say for full
brand voice guides with examples, see
this folder/docs/brandoice.
MD. And this might be things about brand
voice and what patterns do I follow
might be things about platform
formatting like keep it under 200
characters. It might be content rules.
So every post must teach something or
share a real experience and be very very
practical. But again, these rules can
live separately in separate folders and
the claw.md file needs to just reference
where it understands and reads those
rules from. Question four is where we
add the things about mistakes. So what
are the things that's going to trip
Claude up because it's not
counterintuitive? Like for example, our
air table or notion might have a status
and post status column. Which one should
it use? So these are the things that
you'd put as your edge cases for an
employee that you're training on this.
And then the final part of the framework
is how do we work? So every file is
going to be named in this convention.
We're never going to publish or schedule
anything when repurposing. We're going
to change the angle, not just shorten.
So it's additional information that
feeds into the instructions to make sure
that it delivers the outcome that you
expect. So this is your guide and your
your set of rules. And down here we've
got a copy paste template which you can
grab that goes over all of these with an
example and create your very own claw.md
file. And we would click on the tab over
here and actually introduce our own
claw.md file. For now, we're going to
keep it super simple and just give it
the project instructions. This project
generates daily social media content
across LinkedIn X and Instagram in my
brand voice pulling topics from a
content calendar in Air Table. It's
important to add things like mistakes in
here and how to reload that into your
context. So, we're going to say write a
LinkedIn post about Google anti-gravity
versus claude code for business use
cases. And this is the equivalent of not
telling a new employee how we want the
outputs and just giving it this very
generic project instruction. But as we
understand how they work and how they
perform, we add in rules that help
clarify the direction that we're looking
in as well. And it's come back with an
okay LinkedIn post. It's had a first
stab at it. This is the equivalent of
putting something into chatbt and just
hoping for the best without telling it
anything about brand voice, how you want
the outputs, etc. So, we're just going
to add some simple rules. Never use m
dashes because we know that signifies
that it's written uh by AI. Instead, use
regular dashes. always replace the word
anti-gravity with AG. Maybe we've got a
specific rule in our company that we
always write AG instead of anti-gravity.
And I also felt that it was a very very
technical output here. It talks about
existing stacks. Claude code is a CLI
tool, command line interface tool, the
full IDE, whereas actually I want to
talk in business terms, never use
technical jargon. So what we need to do
then is effectively add that to our
project rules inside the claw. MD file.
You can format these however you want.
And we need to restart for these to take
effect. So we're going to hit clear or
/cle command. It's going to basically
effectively restart then. So we're going
to reask it again. Write a LinkedIn post
about anti-gravity versus claw code. And
now it's going to have these rules
embedded into it. So hopefully it
changes things like anti-gravity to ag.
It talks about only business value and
not such technical jargon and has no m
dashes inside. And we see it's been
reloaded. Ag versus claw code. It's got
no m dashes inside. It talks about time
to value, quality control, and
scalability instead of previously
talking about very technical content.
So, it's understood and ingested the
rules that we've applied via reading
that claude.md file. Now, a bit of a
sense check you can do is can I read
this claw.md in 60 seconds? Am I under
30 instructions? So, 20 to 30 is kind of
the maximum. And again, you can
reference other files and folders where
it can find things. Did I include
specific examples, not vague rules?
Again, those can be elsewhere. And would
a freelancer, a human freelancer taking
over my content, find this useful? If
you're already inside a project and you
want to set up this claude.md file, then
you can run /init and it will actually
go through your project repository and
create a claude.md file for you that you
can go back and rectify and remove lines
from. But if you're starting from fresh,
just copy the template and fill in the
blanks as you build. Like Boris, fix
mistakes in real time and when something
goes wrong midsession, you can just tell
it add this rule to my clawude. MD file
and it will do it for you or you can add
it directly into the lines. So at level
two, Claude is now following your
personalization and your rules. And
Claude may be following your rules, but
we're still having to start fresh every
single time. We're typing the same
things over and over, like create me a
LinkedIn post to get it to perform our
actions in the way we want. So level
three is all about slash commands and
skills. Now, you can just think of slash
commands as saved prompts that you can
reuse with one keystroke. So tasks that
you're doing again and again that you
can manually trigger at specific
moments. So for example, we might say,
"Write me three LinkedIn posts about
this topic." And all we'd have to do is
type in /in post and actually inside the
command, the prompt says, "Write me
three LinkedIn posts about this topic."
And then we actually pass in dynamically
the topic name when we're prompting it
or commanding it. So the way that we do
this is actually just creating a new
folder inside our explorer called
Claude. And we'll keep using this folder
/command. So it's a subfolder
inside.claude. And then inside that we
would actually create a new command
folder. Let's call it LinkedIn-post.md.
So it's a markdown file. Again, it's a
folder inside of that command subfolder.
And we've got an example command here
for our social media system. Write three
LinkedIn post variations about and then
we've got this dollar arguments which is
where we're going to pass in our dynamic
values which we'll show you in a second.
And then we've got some rules. So pull
my brand voice from
/doccks/brandvoice.nd.
Right now, we don't actually have that
file, but we'll set that up next. Start
with a hook, then have a line break,
then the body. So, this is specific
context for this specific command. So,
think of this as a prompt for this
command. End each post with a question
or CTA. Keep each post under 200 words,
no hashtags, and then save the drafts to
a /output/drafts folder. And right now,
that's not created, so it will
automatically create that for us. Now,
if we just clear our memory here, this
resets the claw code instance. and I
start typing in the name of the command
LinkedIn- post. And for some reason, it
doesn't show. So, what we need to do is
actually hit Ctrl + C. Close the session
with Claude and reopen it with Claude.
And now, it should recognize when it's
restarting that we have this
Claude/comands folder with this new
command thing. And as soon as we hit
slash, you can see that we've got our
new command linked in post in there. So,
we're going to use the command linked
anti-gravity versus claude code. And
it's going to understand now and pass
that link anti-gravity versus claw code
as this argument. So it's going to say
write three LinkedIn post variations
about this and follow these rules. So
instead of typing this command every
single time that I want to create a
post, I'm just going to use the slash
command, pass my arguments, and now it's
going to add them to a draft folder.
It's outputting our different variations
in here, but we told it we also want it
to output them as documents in an
outputs folder so that we have them
stored. So it's created this output
folder. We've got the drafts and we can
click in the specific file. Open that up
and we've got the variations here. I've
been using both ag and claw code and you
can see it's now reading from our
claw.md document which said actually
replace it with ag. Don't use technical
jargon but also it's followed the slash
command perfectly to create three
variations of LinkedIn post and then
given us a summary down here of the
hooks, the angles and the CTAs. Now, we
gave an example of writing three
LinkedIn posts, but you can literally
turn any task that you do on a daily,
weekly, monthly basis into one of these
slash commands. The importance here is
you want to manually invoke or trigger
it at certain moments. So, it could be
generate all posts for this week based
on my notion calendar. This is where
skills come in. And skills are slightly
different, but still represented as
these slash commands down here. You can
think of skills as an upgraded version
of slash commands. They're effectively
background knowledge that's loaded in
automatically only when it's relevant.
So you don't need to trigger these,
although you can tell Claude to use that
specific skill. Claude just knows from
their project description and their
skill description when it needs to use
that skill specifically. And unlike
commands, which are fairly basic, one
single file like LinkedIn postd skills
can include a whole folder of supporting
files. So it can have for example for
our content creation, example posts,
style guides, brand voice, reference
docs. So it gives a richer set of
context for which claude code can
actually work from. So skills are
effectively repeatable actions with
context. And guess what? You don't need
to create all the skills yourself. You
can actually get those skills from
anywhere. And they're again going to sit
inside this. Claude folder. So if I
click on the claude folder, create a new
folder called skills. They're going to
sit under there with their skill.md file
for specific skills. So you might have a
brand voice folder and inside that we'd
have a skill.m MD file with supporting
files inside that brand voice as well.
And we're going to look for a humanizer
skill on skills MP that takes our
writing and creates more humanlike and
less AI slop-like written context. So we
can go down and browse agent skills
here, but it's easiest to browse by
category. We're going to go to content
and media because we're creating social
media content. And we will see very
quickly we've got things like the
ability to actually create images using
Nano Banana Pro, content creation,
technical writers, but what we're going
to type in is human. And hopefully
there's a humanizer we can grab from
here. We'll click inside that. And this
one removes signs of AI generated
writing from text. Use it when editing
or reviewing text to make it sound more
natural and human written. This sounds
exactly what we're looking for. We're
going to open up the GitHub repository
by clicking that button. And what we're
going to do is grab this line here
because we've already got our skills
folder and we're going to get clone into
our own skills here. Now, you have a
choice. You can get clone it into your
global directory using this uh squiggly
line and slash. Or if I just want to
actually see the skill inside this
directory, I'm going to install it
without the squig squiggly line and
slash. And it's now going to clone that
repo and add it inside our skills
folder. And we'll be able to see exactly
what files make up that humanizer skill.
And if we go in the skill.md, this is
effectively the context for this skill
that when claw code is understanding how
to write a post, it's going to always
look, okay, I'm going to create this in
a human-like way. And then it will
absorb and read all the context only
when relevant of this skill.mmd. So it's
a way to segregate and isolate that
context without bloating our main
claude.md file in case the task is not
related to actually humanizing text for
example. And it talks about personality
and soul, how to add voice, how to add
opinions, and gives clear examples in
this very comprehensive file that we
didn't need to create for ourselves to
create humanlike writing very quickly.
So, here's the key thing with a skill.
You effectively need a really, really
precise description for Claude to
understand exactly when to use that
skill. So, here we've got remove signs
of AI generated writing from text. Use
when editing or reviewing text to make
it sound more natural and human written.
So Claude will understand when we ask
for a humanlike article to actually then
use this skill in its process and we
don't need to say /humanizer but we can
do if we wanted to so we can invoke it
manually but also automatically it will
look to do that but the way we ensure
that in the claw.md file instead every
time you write some content make sure
you use the humanizer skill in
/kills/humanizer
so now it will understand because we've
added it both globally and for this
specific command and that it's going to
use that skill when it tries to make
humanlike writing. Now, you could go and
export entire libraries of content and
media and have, you know, 14,000 skills
within your directory, but I prefer to
control exactly what skills I'm getting
and actually just pull in the specific
skills that I'm looking for so I know
when I'm invoking certain things and not
blending things too much. So, you could
do things like front-end design, SEO
review, email drafter, absolutely
anything people have turned into a skill
and you can go through and edit those
skills to your requirements, too. So,
we're going to run our command again.
LinkedIn post anti-gravity versus claw
code and we should have more naturally
written content and we've not had to do
a huge amount of work. We've just
installed the skill and already we
should be getting some really good
outputs from this. I stopped using AG
last month. AG builds things fast. You
describe what you want. It writes code.
You ship. The problem is what happens 6
weeks later when something breaks and
nobody on your team understands how it
works. So, this is a lot clearer, a lot
less AI slot-like. So, it's gone
through, written the posts, humanized
them, and then actually even given us a
summary of the things that it's changed
to make it sound more human. So, for
example, these tools aren't competitors.
They're different answers to different
questions. It's it's actually changed it
to the real question is, do you want to
outsource your thinking or augment it?
So, we've got slash commands, which you
want to manually invoke for certain
tasks. We've got skills, which are
automatically invoked based on their
description and can have a huge amount
of context in them. That brings us to
the final part of level three, which are
hooks. Now, hooks don't require a brain.
They don't require any LLM tokens
specifically. They're just automatic
triggers, anything that you can do
mechanically that fire off when Claude
code does something. And to use it,
we're going to need to create a claude/
settings JSON inside our project file.
So, we're going to create a new file,
and it's going to sit within our claude
file. And in our example for content
creation, we might have a list of band
words that we're going to check every
single content post for. and it's going
to do that automatically. So, it doesn't
require any thinking at all. It's just
check this text against these words.
It's very programmatic and it's going to
do that every single time invoked after
we've created a LinkedIn post, for
example. And therefore, we're not
relying on the LLM to actually think
through this step. It's just
automatically done the things that we
know should be true, like we're going to
check for ban words. We're going to
check for word count and flag if it's
over our limit. We're going to auto
format into a certain specific format.
Those things don't require thinking
power. So we turn them into hooks. And
the way that we do that is just copy
this into our settings.json. We have
this hooks outer object. It has a few
commands, but to be honest, I never
write these myself. I always get Claude
to write the JSON object for me to say
run this hook after this happens. And it
will automatically do that. It can even
add it to your settings.json file. And
now whenever we write a post, this is
going to run and make sure that no band
words that no band words are in our uh
output variations here. And I can just
say run the hook for band words on the
output drafts to do it retrospectively.
But from now on, if we've got this in
our settings.json and we've restarted
our instance, it will automatically run
it on everything. And it will just
appear like this. No band words found in
the output draft. So it gives us peace
of mind that it's actually running that
hook. So the simple way to remember
these three things are skills is how
Claude thinks. So it's going to load the
skill with its context into its brain
while working depending on the
description of the skill. So hooks are
what happens automatically after claud
code actually acts. And then commands
are just stuff that we want to trigger
manually with a prompt that's fed into
the context when it runs. Now for every
piece of content we write, it's only
right that we should have a brand voice
skill in there. So I've gone ahead and
created a brand voice skill with our
band words and phrases. It talks about
how I sound, words I never use, platform
specific rules, and then we've also fed
it a series of examples like best
LinkedIn posts, best expost, etc. in
this examples file. Okay, so we're
getting faster at performing actions by
leveraging our own slash commands, other
people's skills, and running repeatable
tests as hooks at the end of actions.
Now, up until this point, we're still
doing everything inside of Clawude Code.
So, we're not actually taking actions
using our day-to-day apps like Air Table
or Notion. So level four is about
connecting to everything using MCP
servers. So an MCP server is a model
context protocol server which is
effectively just a bridge between claude
code and an external app. So instead of
copying data out of air table and then
pasting it into claude say we have our
content ideas stored in air table. We
just get Claude to actually connect to
our app automatically via the MCP server
read our content calendar and then
create posts based on our ideas in our
content calendar. Let's bring it to life
by showing you how to set this up with
air tableable. And we have this MCP
command inside here. And you don't even
need to do this anymore. You can just
ask your code to set up the Air Table
MCP for you. But I'm going to show you
how to actually do this for a specific
MCP server. And we can have a ton of MCP
servers available again to connect to
all of your different apps at a repo
like the one here, which is just a list
of literally thousands of services that
we can automatically connect to. So we
just add it to the project route. We can
literally create a new file MCP.json
and we can paste that code in and it's
basically saying pick up these MCP
servers and then we need to actually
insert our air table API key for
example. But if you didn't want to do
that, we could actually remove this and
just use the command /mcp which is built
in add air table and it will start
setting up this mcp.json file for us.
And then taking for example our air
tableable personal access token which
for air tableable we can get from
airtable.com/create/token/new
give it a name clawed code and we're
going to give it the scopes of reading
records writing records and access to
actually the bases the air table bases
too. So we need to actually give it
access to a given base and we've got one
where we have our LinkedIn carousel
ideas. So we're going to create a token
for that. We're going to copy that token
and we're going to bring it back and
effectively feed that into either the
MCP.json file or just give it to Claude
to add that for us. So, it's created the
MCP.json format for us. We're going to
paste in our access token and it says
restart Claude code to confirm the
setup. So, we're going to crl C to shut
down the claw code instance. We're going
to hit claude again and we're going to
just test that we actually have that
connection set up for our Air Table. So,
we're just going to hit what Air Table
bases do I have? And it should
understand that it needs to use the Air
Table MCP to actually make that request.
And it's going to return a list of bases
that it has access to, which should just
be that single uh LinkedIn carousels
base. Would you like me to explore the
tables within this base? Yes, show me
the tables. So, we're already reading
access from our tables, but we can also
take actions with those tables. And if
we open up the table, we've got a bunch
of content ideas from mid Jan. And you
can see it's pulled out all the
different tables and the key fields
inside those tables as well. This looks
like a content pipeline for LinkedIn
carousels. Ideas flow into draft posts
with a brand voice and design templates
applied along the way. So it's nailed it
from just that MCP understanding of the
fields and the descriptions. It
understands exactly the content it's
looking at. So this is where things get
really powerful because if we wanted to
combine our content creation system with
a content pipeline that we're storing in
air table for example we could say pull
all ideas from after Jan the 20th which
was actually just one idea it should be
able to pull that specific record from
the air table which is a transcript of a
video that I created and what we're
going to do is actually push that into
our slash command to create a post or
variations of post for us. So, we're
going to say take this idea and we're
going to use our slash command /
LinkedIn post. And what it's going to do
is then take the idea, take the
transcript of that idea and turn it into
three variations of LinkedIn post. And
we can then demonstrate that we can add
it back into our field inside Air Table.
So, if we're managing our content
pipeline in Air Table, we can still
actually interact and do things with
clawed code, but actually then put those
inputs or the outputs back into our
table where we work every day. And
that's the power of connecting to the
data through an MCP server. So it says
it's done the three variations, added
them to here. So update the record table
with just idea three in the system
message uh column. Everyone's talking
about AI coding tools. Most of the demos
are underwhelming. Um so now we are
giving it permission to actually go
through and add that directly into our
data where we work every day. So we have
our content pipeline being updated by
our claude code instance and it's saying
it's now updated the record. We can go
along and we can see that it's just
added to the system message. Everyone's
talking about AI coding tools. Most of
the demos are underwhelming. So, it can
work exactly where we're working and
it's updated that row perfectly. So, at
level four, then we're taking actions
directly in our apps, reading the data,
adding things back to the data,
updating. It's gone through a full plan
and execute loop. So far, we're no
longer needing to do manual updates in
our apps directly, and it's using the
skills that we've given it as well. But
so far, we're still having to contribute
the majority of the thinking time to
this and planning efforts for Claude.
But why not leverage a framework like
GSD to plan in high detail and then move
us to a supervisor role instead of
somebody who's executing these things on
a day-to-day? So GST is all about
removing us from the thinking home
overhead. And it's a framework that
takes skills one step further. And what
this framework is designed to do is
break down huge projects into individual
phases and execute a loop of let's plan
the phase first, let's execute the phase
second, and let's verify using user
acceptance testing methods that the
phase has been completed successfully.
So this is great for where you've not
got a really defined scope and you have
a larger project that you want to
effectively build out in great detail so
that it can be run on your behalf. And
when we start planning the project, it's
going to leverage that ask user
questions to actually come through and
get a full understanding of all of the
project scope, all the dependencies, all
of our assumptions, and exactly how we
want to build it out. And it's like
planning on steroids. It's going to
break down individual to-dos inside
individual phases that are going to be
marked as completed as it goes through
and executes on that brief. And the
reason that power users use a framework
like this is because a huge problem with
Claude during long sessions is that we
actually fill up the context window. So
you can see down here with this bar,
we're at 50% of the maximum context
window that Claude code can take. As
soon as we get towards 95%, Claude is
going to automatically compress all that
context into summaries and we're not
going to be able to find it. This is
something known as context rot, which is
basically as we increase the number of
input tokens, our reliability on the
output gets less to the point where if
we're actually putting in 10,000 tokens
or around 7,500 words, we lose 50% of
the context. Now, a framework like GSD
helps tackle this because it actually
keeps context in individual files. So we
have overall project documents that are
spun up like road map requirements and
state, but we also have context that's
kept in specific phase level documents
with to-do level tasks. And you can see
this demonstrated in a previous video
that I did that I'll link above where I
built out an entire SAS application. So
a large project using the GSD framework.
So it takes planning to the next level.
We have a dot planning folder with the
project road map which is going to tell
you exactly what the phases are about.
We have foundation and authentication.
We have data management. We have the AI
generation pipeline and things like
payments. We have the state which is a
document which tells us actually which
plans have been executed and which need
to be done. So it's a memory of what
progress we've made against the given
plan. And then we've got various other
highle documents which feed in context
at the relevant points and solve that
context for problem. Not to mention each
phase is individually broken down into a
series of waves and tasks. So inside,
for example, phase 5, Stripe billing, we
have a plan of what we're going to do
for the first part of Stripe billing. We
have a summary of what's been executed
when we run the execute command. And
then we also have a user acceptance
testing file that runs through and
automatically tells us what to test
based on our Stripe billing requirements
in the first place. So at level five,
we've taken planning to the next level
by using the GSD framework, but we're
still just supervising one agent whilst
we get on with other tasks in the
background. So why not instead run a
team of agents that can verify each
other's work? And that brings us to
level six where instead of one claude
doing everything, researching, writing,
reviewing, you just split the jobs into
separate sub aents. And ultimately, we
do this to increase our leverage. And
it's summarized really well inside this
Reddit thread by Sax Appeal and Kite. So
sub agents are specialized personas that
you may want to offload specific types
of work to. And basically each agent has
a fresh context that is then able to be
pulled into your main context window
that's fed by your claw.md. So use sub
aents to keep your context clean, i.e.
stop that context rot. But also it's
about context isolation. The sub aent
therefore is not going to bloat your
main agents context. So it makes your
responses much faster if you're
executing it as a sub agent and also
cheaper because you're using fewer
tokens because you've given it less
context or isolated context. And you do
this particularly when you're working on
a problem that requires a lot of
expertise. So break down a bigger
project into its components and let
agents work on it in either sequence or
parallel. So for our content creation
system, this might be represented like a
content research team. So we might have
a researcher sub agent one which is
in-depth research with access to
additional tools that the main cloud
code instant doesn't have access to. We
then have our main instance which is
here which we've been using so far which
is our content writer. And then we might
also have a reviewer, a second sub agent
that can only suggest edits to things
we've already written but not make
edits. Now there are two main reasons
that you might run a team. The first is
to improve our output quality. So if you
think of a specialist versus generalist,
we might have one claude delegating to
specialists like a researcher within the
same session. And the main claude agent
that we've been using might call the
researcher sub agent, receive the
research brief back, and then use that
research to write because the main
instance is the writer. And this would
all happen in one terminal window. Or if
our main goal is actually to get things
done faster and work on multiple
non-dependent tasks at once, then we
might have parallel terminals opening up
new terminal windows where we might for
example have tab one working on writing
LinkedIn posts, tab two working on
writing Instagram posts and tab three
doing something else as well. So those
two never interact, but the value we're
getting from those sub aents in parallel
is the speed, not that they're able to
collaborate and specialize on certain
things. And the master of this is Boris
himself who runs five claudes in
parallel in his terminal. You can see
the tabs where he switches between the
different chords and gets system
notifications when it needs his input.
But he also runs 5 to 10 claudes on
[music] claude.ai/code
as well in parallel with the local. So
he's getting a lot done by running sub
aents. But he goes on to mention that he
uses actually few sub aents regularly.
Just stuff that automates some of the
most common workflows that he goes
through. So let's set up our agent team
here to demonstrate. So again, it's
going to sit under Claude. Instead of
the commands and skills, we're going to
create an agents folder. And inside that
folder, we're creating a content
researcher MD file, which is basically
going to be our agent with a prompt
that's basically a research specialist
for a social media content team. Now,
this is just a fairly basic agent and
actually could be run as a skill or a
command, but it just demonstrates how
you would actually use this. And agents
would often have a lot more context
because they're doing a very specialized
task. So, we're going to copy paste that
in there. We've got the description.
We've got the allowed tools that it's
allowed to use. And it's going basically
going out to find interesting angles on
a given topic. So, it's content
researching for us. We're then going to
set up our content reviewer. Again, we
don't have a specific folder for this,
but we're going to set up just as a MD
file. And this is all about after it's
been created, review the drafted social
media post against the brand voice
guidelines and platform rules. So we can
demonstrate now with a single task how
you can get them to work together in one
terminal and then the second task will
be working two terminals in parallel. So
we're going to pull an idea from the air
table content calendar. We're going to
use the content researcher sub agent to
research angles and then use that
research to and then invoke the command
LinkedIn post on that topic. So you can
see how we're building every time on
that. And then we're going to use the
content reviewer to review the [music]
drafts. And if I wanted multiple ideas
to be processed at once, I could open up
a new terminal whilst that runs in the
background. We'd open up a new clawed
instance, we can demonstrate the speed
of doing multiple in parallel now. So
we've now got two terminals actually
open and we're executing on both of
those terminals. So we need to give this
the go ahead on permissions here. And
the first one is launching the content
researcher. The second one is starting
to actually access the air table data as
well. So we could launch multiple
terminals and have them side by side in
this view here to both get higher
quality outputs but also run them
faster. So if we need multiple of the
same things doing at once, we can run
multiple shells, multiple commands at
once. And I can even open up multiple
more instances if I have the capacity
myself to actually supervise these. Now
if you only have to approve a few
things, this is okay. But as soon as you
start approving absolutely every action
you take, then you're going to want to
use what's called Claude dangerously
skip permissions, which as it sounds
basically says, I'm not going to ask for
any permission to access any file that
you're giving me access to. I'm just
going to go ahead and do it. So if we
start Claude with this d-dangerously
skip permissions, it's going to start
and tell us, do you trust everything in
this folder? Am I able to actually go
ahead and skip permissions? So we're
accepting liability for any actions it's
going to take. And you can see we've got
this bypass permissions on here as well.
And we could again feed this new
instance the same task and it will run
in parallel to everything we're doing so
far. So we've got four three or four
windows running in parallel, same sub
aent doing the same thing, pulling a
content idea and actually creating new
content drafts for us. And now we're
really starting to get leverage because
we have some drafts. We have some
reviews coming in now as well. So we
have, for example, this uh LinkedIn post
about hiring somebody for traits instead
of a degree. We have one about
Stanford's free AI courses and it's gone
out and done the research on those
actual courses as well. Whilst we've
also got a third terminal running on the
same task where it's pulled a topic from
the air table and is scheduling our
weekly content. So this ran for 4
minutes, this is running for 5 minutes
and the previous one ran for 5 minutes
as well. So we can condense our
potential 15minute endto-end process
into 5 minutes and start reviewing those
uh outputs as they come in rather than
waiting 15 minutes for them all to
complete. we're able to run them in
parallel like that. So, now that we've
got a team set up and we've got guard
rails in place, why not just get it to
run the whole show and we're going to
talk about level seven now, which is
what people are doing with fully
autonomous pipelines. So, for our
content creation system, this is where
you set it up, you walk away, and you
come back to a week's worth of content
already drafted, reviewed, and ready for
your approval. So, everything we've seen
so far is implemented in what's called a
Ralph loop, which is literally just
three files. It's a bash script that
tells it do not stop working until
you've met this condition. And the
condition can either be the max number
of iterations to stop us spending too
many tokens or a done completion state.
So we tell it exactly what done means in
our prd.json file, which is just our
product requirements document file. And
it continues to push that context back
into a fresh context window for Claude.
Every time it thinks it's done a task,
it will say, have you completed or have
you met the conditions of completion? If
not, go again. And to use it, we're
literally going to install the plugin by
using the command /plugin install raw.
But the only thing that we need to
create and make sure that we create here
is a prd.json file. So for our weekly
content, this would literally look like
user stories. So it's a description of
exactly the task that they need to do
and tells the acceptance criteria for
which it should assess against. So it
will create its own verification test
when it runs the rail loop to say have I
met this acceptance criteria for this
user story. If I have then update that
to done or completed and then go through
feed it into a new context window to
stop the context rock problem with the
second task that we're going to run and
it will see that the status of the first
one is now done. So, it's updating those
statuses, but feeding back in the
original task, and it will move on to
post two, post three, post five,
whatever, until it meets that acceptance
criteria. So, we're just going to set up
a new file, PRD.json, and we're going to
feed these content ideas into our PR
document. And this is a task that's well
scoped, so it will find it hard to
actually go off the rails and do
something different. And all we need to
do to run this is actually just run the
Ralph loop command. So, we hit / Ralph
loop. And I always recommend actually
running this with max iterations because
if you don't, it could potentially run
on larger projects indefinitely and cost
you a lot of money in spent tokens. So
always try to run it with max iterations
as well as a completion promise as a
safeguard, too. So Ralph is very much an
executor. It works brilliantly when all
of your tasks are really well defined,
clear description, a clear acceptance
criteria, and a clear completion status.
And the content batching process that
we've done is a perfect example of this.
Like write a LinkedIn post under 200
words with no band words in it and write
six of them and the these are the
topics. So there's literally nothing it
needs to figure out. It just needs to do
the work. So compared to Ralph GSD
framework which we saw earlier is a
planner and an executor. So when you
need a larger project to be broken down
into a really comprehensive plan, we use
something like GSD because it helps us
with the scoping it out. So it might be
for example, I need a content strategy
for Q2 rather than write these specific
posts because we need to do the planning
first. And if you know all of this, you
can build out fully autonomous pipelines
for any business task that you want to
do inside Claude Code and have it
interact with any of your day-to-day
apps. So there you have it. These are
the top ways to get the most leverage
from Claude Code. If you want to see a
full project build using the GSD
framework that I showed earlier that
uses all of the elements we've talked
about today, then check out the next